Business communication is the interaction of communication subjects to achieve certain interests of the company, its main goals. It is worth distinguishing between the concept of business communication and business communication, since communication is part of the study of psychological science, while communication implies a certain aspect and can be considered from technical, informational, economic, organizational and many other points of view.

Business communication book PDF in a general sense is a book on the information exchange between people or their groups. There are interpersonal, social (functional-role), business communications. The subject of our conversation will be the last view.

<a href="https://e-book.business/business-communication/">Business communication book PDF</a> explains the interaction in the field of official relations, the purpose of which is to solve specific tasks, achieve certain results, optimize any activity. At the same time, each participant has his own st

If communication takes place between people who are on different rungs of the career ladder (the manager and the performer), then there is a vertical relationship, that is, subordination relations. If the interaction is conducted on the principles of equal cooperation, then this is a horizontal relationship. It is business communications that a person carries out daily at work, at university, in schools, and official institutions.

This is the name of communication between teachers and students, bosses and subordinates, colleagues, partners and competitors. It depends on how familiar the interlocutor is with the rules, forms and methods of such communications, whether he will be able to achieve his goal. Partners should speak the same language (both literally and figuratively), understand each other, and have a common social experience.
